hi everyone this is C's here my nails
this is the first time I've done this
French manicure in maybe three years I
want to say so doesn't look perfect but
I tried I've been getting some comments
that I should do this and I didn't want
to because I usually end up breaking my
nails when I do this polish so I don't
know if maybe it's a curse that I have
not sure what's going on with that but I
decided to do this because someone sent
me ten packets of French nail tip guides
I thought that was super awesome I've
never used them before they're these
little stickers that you just stick on
your nail and it guides you I thought it
was really cool and I wanted to try them
they did leave a type of glue residue on
my nail and I had already polished my
nail with with this polish right here I
used number 140 French rose by Rimmel
London and it left that residue stuff on
there and they just got stuck on there
and I don't know what happened maybe it
was something I did on my part if you've
used these and it happens to you then I
don't know if you want to comment below
and let me know what your thoughts are
on these little nail tip guides I want
to say I'm going to try to do this
french tip manicure again to see if it
happens again then I'll let you guys
know if it does or not so here my nails
and thank you very much for watching and
I'll try to post again soon and I'm
sorry I haven't been posting lately you
know sometimes life is just crazy things
happen I don't know I don't know what's
going on but I'll try to post again soon
thank you for watching everyone bye